Yeah, I can't get no better, can't get no more cheddar
I feel like a king and my queen is Coretta
I been made a livin', I'm never gon' give in
I'm just way too driven, that's why I been thinkin'
I'm scared that I'm sinkin', I'm scared that I'm fallin'
The world think I'm ballin' and maybe I am
But don't give a damn, back in the beginnin'
Did not have a plan, don't know who I am
Or who I'm becomin' but I'ma do me to the fullest, alright
Bustin' and dodgin' them bullets all night
Take over the world, yeah I'm thinkin' I might
Got 'em all in my sight
I know that I'm strong, I know that I am
I know I'm the man
And whether you poor or you filled with financial security
Everyone deal with they own insecurity
Even the preacher was born with impurity
Scared to go out even with my security
Scared of the world and all of its obscurity
Pray for maturity, hope that I grow
Hope my anxiety stay on the low
I swear I hope that shit don't fuck up my flow
Where do I go? What would you do
If suddenly all of your dreams came true?
What would you do if you did it all? (If you did it all)
If you ain't never have to lift a finger
Would you linger like, "Fuck 'em all"?
Guess that's your call, but I can't (It's your call, but I can't)
This a marathon, not a sprint
Switch up the plan like homie that went from Verizon to Sprint
Can you hear me now? Does anybody out there feel me now?
What's your name?
What's your game?
Come now boy, just spit your flow
Feel the pain with the gain
What you tryna say though?
Novocaine to the brain
I can't feel nothing no more
In my lane, can't refrain from lettin' these people know
What's your name?
What's your game?
Come now boy, just spit your flow
Feel the pain with the gain
What you tryna say though?
Novocaine to the brain, I can't feel nothing no more
In my lane, can't refrain from letting these people know
How I feel (How I feel)
Yeah that's how I feel (That's how I feel)
Break it down, roll it up, that's how high I feel
(That's how high I feel)
How I feel (How I feel)
How high I feel (How high I feel)
Down, roll it up, yeah